[Music]
are you superhuman or worse than average
in what you might ask juggling now how
well can you hear we have the coolest
hearing test for you so testing testing
one two three nine four six one seven
six three eight seven one did you get
those last 10 digits that was an
important phone number actually and this
was the shortest coolest hearing test
ever bad just kidding it was not however
being able to hear all those numbers is
something you owe to your ears an
average human is capable of hearing
frequencies from 20 Hertz to 20,000
Hertz the older we get the harder it
becomes for us to hear high frequency
sounds the worse it gets the fewer
chances you have of hearing the bird
sings the beeping of your microwave and
even consonants like s H or F you don't
want that to happen to your right do you
have any reasons to worry about it how
can you test your ears
well Brightside has a simple but 100%
accurate test you can take and we're
going to run it in a few moments when
it's done we're going to share some fun
facts on hearing we bet you didn't know
are you ready for it
then give this video a like and let's
get started what should you do put on
your headphones make sure you're in a
quiet place with no background noises if
you are surrounded by people put lightly
tell them to shush up pardon me we are
running a vital experiment here you know
could you please put a lid on it just
remember to say please and be persistent
you are going to be exposed to sound
frequencies a human ear can't perceive
will travel across and beyond the human
audio spectrum as soon as your ears
start actually perceiving the sound stop
the video and you will see your results
ready let's go you didn't hear that one
did you you did
sorry here here he goes for real
[Music]
well done now let's see how many of us
have average or better than average
hearing hit thumbs up if you started
perceiving the sound at 15,000 Hertz or
earlier if your results are not so good
don't panic your age influences your
ability to hear high frequencies
remember if it's really bad try it again
maybe the sound was off on your computer
if you're perfectly sure it's not the
computer to blame you might want to see
a doctor to figure out what's up okay
enough with the test now let's take a
look at ten fun facts about hearing we
bet you didn't know counting down from
number 10 the three smallest bones in
your body are the ones in your ears the
malleus incus and stapes they work as a
team to transmit sounds to your brain if
one of them breaks you might experience
conductive hearing loss number 9 women
are better listeners than men jaw what's
new in fact we are not talking about the
female ability to perceive information
and feel the pain of others ladies tend
to lose hearing abilities later than men
[Music]
number eight the sound level at a
concert is roughly the same as that of a
plane during takeoff 120 decibels of
sound you don't want to over expose your
ears to that earplugs can be a good idea
at loud events number seven if you think
your ear stop hearing when you are
sleeping you're wrong at this time it is
the brain that decides to ignore the
sounds around you so your ears never
stop working 24/7 number six we do
snakes and fish have in common they lack
ears snakes here thanks to their jaw
bone and ridges on their bodies help
fish perceive sounds number five who do
you think is the best listener in the
world yes it's my mom
well actually the king of hearing the
one and only moth
[Applause]
[Music]
moths can hear better than anyone else
in the world their hearing is 150 times
better than ours number for the bats
comes second after the mod their
frequency level is about 212 kilohertz
hearing an echo location help them hunt
like pros in complete darkness number 3
famous for their huge ears elephants are
doing well when it comes to hearing
things to their hearing frequency is
between 16 Hertz to 12 killers number 2
a great hunter and Harry Potter's best
friend sorry Ron the owl can perceive
sounds between 200 Hertz and 12
kilohertz not bad and number one finally
the animals we all love and keep close
to us cats and dogs their hearing
abilities are pretty amazing with a
frequency range of 45 Hertz to 64
kilohertz dogs can even tell their owner
from other people when they hear
footsteps so don't be surprised you can
hear your fluffy friend bark
enthusiastically long before you open
the front door just don't be surprised
if it turns out to be your cat
[Music]
we'll talk about barking cats in a
future video we hope you like this easy
test in its results share them in the
comments give this video a like and
subscribe to our channel more cool
updates are on their way to you life is
better on the bright side
[Music]